feat: combine assets into a single folder (#14)
teamdatatonic/vertex-pipelines-end-to-end-samples: README.md

### Assets

> Pipeline folder, contains `assets` directory (`pipelines/assets/`). This can be used for any additional files that may be needed during execution of the pipelines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The folder `pipelines/assets/` can be used for any additional files that may be needed during execution of the pipelines. 
Most importantly this can include your training scripts.
```

```
. <-- GCS directory set by _PIPELINE_PUBLISH_GCS_PATH
└── TAG_NAME or GIT COMMIT HASH <-- Git tag used for the release (release.yaml) OR git commit hash (e2e-test.yaml)
    ├── training.json
    ├── prediction.json
    ├── assets
    │   └── some_useful_file.json

> ```

Reviewer: @browningjp-datatonic In my view we don't need this detailed overview anymore, rather a description of how the parent folder will be named.

Reviewer 2: not sure what you're suggesting to have instead, but I am happy as long as it is clear! The CI/CD behaviour is not immediately intuitive so it's important that we are very clear in the docs
